Update readme with details on coronavirus and transition pages. (#2160)
alphagov/collections: README.md

  include content that is directly tagged to it and also content that has been
  tagged to any of the associated taxons.

## Campaign pages

Collections currently renders the following campaign pages:

#### Transition landing page ([ /transition ](https://www.gov.uk/transition))
All content for the transition landing pages are currently read from yaml files. [Welsh](config/locales/cy/transition_landing_page.yml) and [English](config/locales/en/transition_landing_page.yml) translations are available.

#### DIT landing page ([ /eubusiness ](https://www.gov.uk/eubusiness))
All content for the DIT landing pages are currently read from yaml files e.g. for [English](config/locales/en/dit_landing_page.yml). See the [content item's available translations](https://www.gov.uk/api/content/eubusiness) for the current list.

#### Coronavirus pages:

>   - Landing page ( [gov.uk/coronavirus](https://www.gov.uk/coronavirus) ),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Landing page ( [gov.uk/coronavirus](https://www.gov.uk/coronavirus) )
```

## Technical documentation

This is a public facing Ruby on Rails application that retrieves browse content from APIs and presents it.
There is no database, and for the majority of pages it serves, collections reads content from external sources.

### Transition landing page ([ /transition ](https://www.gov.uk/transition))

> All content for the transition landing pages are currently read from yaml files. [Welsh](config/locales/cy/coronavirus_landing_page.yml) and [English](config/locales/en/coronavirus_landing_page.yml) translations are available.

Author: woops! thanks

### DIT landing page ([ /eubusiness ](https://www.gov.uk/eubusiness))

> All content for the DIT landing pages are currently read from yaml files. [English](config/locales/en/dit_landing_page.yml), [German](config/locales/de/dit_landing_page.yml), [Spanish](config/locales/es/dit_landing_page.yml), [French](config/locales/fr/dit_landing_page.yml), [Italian](config/locales/it/dit_landing_page.yml), [Dutch](config/locales/nl/dit_landing_page.yml) and [Polish](config/locales/pl/dit_landing_page.yml) translations are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All content for the DIT landing pages are currently read from yaml files e.g. for [English](config/locales/en/dit_landing_page.yml). See the [content item's available translations](https://www.gov.uk/api/content/eubusiness) for the current list.
```

This should be slightly more robust for the future 🤞.

Author: 👍
